---
layout: page
title: MCPC-2020 is coming
sitemap: false

sticky: false
sticky-desc: MCPC-2020 registration open
---

# Monash Collegiate Programming Contest 2020

### Programming Contest 101

The Monash Collegiate Programming Contest (MCPC) is part of an international event 
that pits the top universities in the world against one another.
You will be given a set of real-world problems and will attempt to solve as many as you can in 3 hours. 
The contest will test your algorithmic skills and creativity.

---

### Contest Details

* **Time:** 13:00 - 16:00, 25, April, 2020
* **Location:** online (due to the CoronaVirus outbrea)
* This is an individual contest.
* The contest will have 6 problems and run for 3 hours.
* Contestants are ranked according to who has the most solved problems, 
  with ties broken by the time to solve the problem.
* **No collaboration!** - Identified participants will be banned forever and reported to faculty.

---

### Qualification

* You must be an enrolled Monash student (undergraudate, postgraduate, or PhD).

***We have an additional rule***

* **You must participate our online training contests to be eligible.** (check [online-training](/pages/training-2020S1))

### Registeration
  * Join our [training group](https://vjudge.net/group/monashicpc)
  * Fill-up the [form](https://forms.gle/k1YVC3xc4sF8QaFD7)
  * We will notify you login details no later than 24 April if you are eligible.

---

### Prizes

| **Placement**       | Prize |
|-----------        |-------|
| **1st Place**       | $500  |
| **2nd Place**       | $300  |
| **3rd Place**       | $200  |
| **Best Female**     | $100  |
| **Best Newbie[^1]** | $100  |
{: .fancytable}

[^1]: The "Best Newbie" prize will be given to the top Monash contestant who has never competed in a programming contest while in their post-secondary education (only counting the MCPC, VCPC and ICPC events).

